Bluetooth: Mesh: Support for comp data page 2 (#62110)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/api/mesh/access.rst

:c:func:`bt_mesh_model_data_store_schedule` function when large amount of data
needs to be stored.

Composition Data
================

The device Composition Data is a state that contains information about a node,
the elements it includes, and the supported models. The Composition Data is

> composed of a number of pages of information. It can be accessed by the

Author: I will try to give it a personal touch.

:ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_srv` and, if supported, :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_lcd_srv`
model.

Page 0 & 128
------------

> Composition data page 0 is mandatory for all mesh devices. It contains key information
> about the device, like element and model composition, supported features, and manufacturer
> information. Composition data page 128 mirrors page 0 and is used to represent the new
> content of composition data page 0 after a device firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 0 is mandatory for all mesh devices. It contains key information
about the device, like element and model composition, supported features, and manufacturer
information. Composition Data Page 128 mirrors Page 0 and is used to represent the new
content of the Composition Data Page 0 after a device firmware update.
```

> Page 1 & 129
> ------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 1 and 129
-------------------------------
```

> Composition Data Page 1 is mandatory for all mesh devices. Composition Data Page 1
> contains information about the relationships among models. Each model can be a root
> model or can extend other models. Additionally, a model may have one or more
> corresponding models. Composition data page 129 mirrors page 1 and is used to represent
> the new content of composition data page 1 after a device firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 1 is mandatory for all mesh devices. It contains information
about the relationships among models. Each model can be a root model or extend
other models. Additionally, a model may have one or more corresponding models.
Composition Data Page 129 mirrors Page 1 and is used to represent the new content
of the Composition Data Page 1 after a device firmware update.
```

> Page 2 & 130
> ------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 2 and 130
-------------------------------

```

> Composition Data Page 2 is mandatory on all devices that supports one or more mesh profile

Author: Covered by Mia's review

> Composition Data Page 2 is mandatory on all devices that supports one or more mesh profile
> specifications. Composition Data Page 2 is used to indicate support for one or more Mesh
> Profile Specifications. The Mesh Profile Specifications defines product requirements for
> devices that want to support a specific Bluetooth SIG defined profile. Currently the
> supported profiles are:
> 
> * Basic Scene Selector
> * Ambient Light Sensor
> * Occupancy Sensor
> * Basic Lightness Controller
> * Dimming Control
> * Energy Monitor
> 
> Composition data page 130 mirrors page 2 and is used to represent
> the new content of composition data page 2 after a device firmware update.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 2 is mandatory on all devices that support one or more mesh profile
specifications, and is used to indicate this support on a device. Mesh profile specifications
define product requirements for devices that want to support a specific Bluetooth SIG defined
profile. Currently supported profiles are:

* Basic Scene Selector
* Ambient Light Sensor
* Occupancy Sensor
* Basic Lightness Controller
* Dimming Control
* Energy Monitor

Composition Data Page 130 mirrors Page 2 and is used to represent the new
content of the Composition Data Page 2 after a device firmware update.

```

:c:func:`bt_mesh_model_data_store_schedule` function when large amount of data
needs to be stored.

Composition Data
================

.. note::

  Currently the implementation of the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol Specification
  version 1.1 is in an experimental state. In that context we must clarify

>   that for Mesh version 1.0 only composition data page 0 is supported. Users
>   that are developing for Mesh version 1.0 may therefore disregard all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  that for the Bluetooth Mesh Profile Specification version 1.0 only composition data page 0 is supported. Users
  that are developing for the Bluetooth Mesh Profile Specification version 1.0 may therefore disregard all
```

>   Currently the implementation of the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol Specification
>   version 1.1 is in an experimental state. In that context we must clarify
>   that for Mesh version 1.0 only composition data page 0 is supported. Users
>   that are developing for Mesh version 1.0 may therefore disregard all
>   entries in the following section mentioning the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_lcd_srv`
>   model and composition data page 1, 2, 128, 129 and 130.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The implementation of the Bluetooth Mesh Protocol Specification version 1.1
  is currently in an experimental state. For Bluetooth Mesh Profile Specification
  version 1.0.1, only Composition Data Page 0 is supported. Users that are developing
  for Bluetooth Mesh Profile Specification version 1.0.1 may therefore disregard all
  parts of the following section mentioning the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_lcd_srv`
  model and Composition Data Pages 1, 2, 128, 129 and 130.
```

> The Composition Data provides information about a Mesh device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Composition Data provides information about a mesh device.
```

device, the models that it supports, and other features. The Composition
Data is split into different pages, where each page contains specific feature
information about the device. In order to access this information, the user
may use the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_models_cfg_srv` model or, if supported,
the :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_lcd_srv` model.

Composition Data Page 0 and 128
-------------------------------

Composition Data Page 0 provides the fundemental information about a device, and
is mandatory for all mesh devices. It contains the element and model composition,
the supported features, and manufacturer information. Composition Data Page 128
mirrors Page 0 and is used to represent the new content of the Composition Data
Page 0 after a device firmware update.

Composition Data Page 1 and 129
-------------------------------

Composition Data Page 1 provides information about the relationships between models,
and is mandatory for all mesh devices. A model may extend and/or correspond to one
or more models. A model can extend another model by calling :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_extend`,
or correspond to another model by calling :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_correspond`.

> :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_MODEL_EXTENSION_LIST_SIZE` specifies how many models
> relations that can be stored in the composition on a device, and this number should
> reflect the the number of :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_extend` and
> :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_correspond` calls. Composition Data Page 129 mirrors Page 1
> and is used to represent the new content of the Composition Data Page 1 after a
> device firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_MODEL_EXTENSION_LIST_SIZE` specifies how many model
relations can be stored in the composition on a device, and this number should reflect the 
number of :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_extend` and :c:func:`bt_mesh_model_correspond` calls.
Composition Data Page 129 mirrors Page 1 and is used to represent the new content of
the Composition Data Page 1 after a device firmware update.
```

Composition Data Page 2 and 130
-------------------------------

> Composition Data Page 2 provides information for supported Mesh profiles. Mesh profile
> specifications define product requirements for devices that want to support a specific
> Bluetooth SIG defined profile. Currently supported profiles can be found in section
> 3.12 in `Bluetooth SIG Assigned Numbers
> <https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/assigned-numbers/uri-scheme-name-string-mapping/>`_. Composition Data Page 2 is only mandatory for
> devices that claim support for or more mesh profile(s). Composition Data Page 130
> mirrors Page 2 and is used to represent the new content of the Composition Data Page 2
> after a device firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composition Data Page 2 provides information for supported mesh profiles. Mesh profile
specifications define product requirements for devices that want to support a specific
Bluetooth SIG defined profile. Currently supported profiles can be found in section
3.12 in `Bluetooth SIG Assigned Numbers
<https://www.bluetooth.com/specifications/assigned-numbers/uri-scheme-name-string-mapping/>`_.
Composition Data Page 2 is only mandatory for devices that claim support for one or more
mesh profile(s). Composition Data Page 130 mirrors Page 2 and is used to represent the
new content of the Composition Data Page 2 after a device firmware update.
```
